hi Michael here project gadget and now I
want to show you something really cool
I've been running for the last couple of
months now and I figured it it's time to
really start running working out get in
shape so I went out and I bought myself
these nike vomero for shoes which are
great their top-of-the-line Nike
sneakers and they have the little space
inside the soul for the nike+ now in
case you're unfamiliar with the nike+
setup what it is is that you put this
little chip inside your shoe and it
talks with whatever device so either in
this case a watch or it can talk with
your ipod nano for example and it can
tell you things like your time how far
you've been running it's going to give
you your pace it's going to tell you how
many calories you burn as well as a
stopwatch and then tell you time of day
now I want to show you this because I've
been using this now and it's really cool
i'm going to give you a really good play
by play on this it was only like sixty
dollars maybe like 50-something and the
way that it works is it's very
minimalist this is the band and now
normally you would think that you would
put this on your wrist like this but you
wouldn't because from what I understand
from Nike what you're supposed to do is
you put it like this and then what
happens is now you're running along like
this and you look at your time on your
wrist right here so then you can
instantly and I'll show you up close to
the video you can switch between calorie
pays you can see how much time you're
going and then what I like is it shows
me how far I'm going so right now I'm at
the level where I'm at about two miles
you like 2.2 miles or something like
that I want to try and make it two and a
half and so this allows me to look down
and say okay geez you're only at 1.9 you
got a huff it you got to make it to the
next so you can just take whatever route
you want and make up the distance so you
come back from your run you're dying the
whole thing's waterproof you pop this
sucker off pop this
and what's cool is it's USB and then the
last mile which was today was 8.4 was
the pace 19.3 three total seconds and
then it told me that I went let me see
what was it calories to 69 and mile 2.25
which is really cool so here's here's
the kicker this is what's really great
about so you come in and you put it in
the USB and then right away what you're
going to see is that the Nike screen
pops up and says okay nike sportband
it's going to give me a little bit of a
plot of what happened today which for 19
minutes 33 seconds I ran 820 this
morning and I ran 2.25 miles now the
cool thing is if I say see all runs what
it will do is show me all the runs that
I've done all the way through and then
you can see how much calories how much
miles you went so today I had 268
calories which means that i can probably
have a couple of beers tonight but
anyway that can just give you a little
bit of progress what you can do as well
as you can set challenges and goals for
yourself and say you want to run a 5k
it's pretty sweet so I definitely check
it out
you